Hello and welcome to this new tutorial.
All right so to start our daily pre-processing journey we have to start by importing the data set of
course because we got the data set from the website but it is still not in Python right now.
We need to load it.
We need to import it and to do this we're going to use the open function we could use pen.
But the open function will be OK and we will load both the conversations and the lines.
So we're going to give two variable names for two data sets.
We're going to curl the data set of the lines lines and the data set of the conversations conversations
so that everything is crystal clear.
All right.
So let's start with the lines as we said we give a name to this dataset which is lines here lines equal.
And as we said we use the open function to open this dataset to load these days.
And so to load it.
Well that's very simple.
We start by entering the name in quotes of the dataset which is movie underscore lines that takes t.
And then we need to add several other arguments.
I started to import this way directly but it didn't work due to an encoding issue.
Therefore to avoid this encoding issue you just need to improve your encoding equals in quote UTF it.
Then we need to import another argument.
We can ignore the little errors and to do this we can input here errors Igor's.
Quote ignore.
And that's it for the arguments then.
We simply need to add here that read that actually to read the dataset when we loaded.
And eventually we are going to add that split parenthesis backslash and to split the observations by
the lines by the lines of the dataset and the solution has to be in quotes.
All right and this line imports the data set correctly.
We will check that right afterwards.
But I'm just going to do the same for our conversations.
So I'm copying the first line pasting in here then replacing the lines here like conversations.
And here we need to replace movie lines by of course.
Movie conversations and there we go we are ready also to import the conversations.
All right let's give it a go.
So I'm going to select these two lines here and press command or control plus enter to execute.
And here we go.
Well executed as you can see our lines and conversations were well import.
Let's have a look in will explore to see what they look like.
So let's open lines first.
So we've got a warning here because it's a huge data set.
So you can take the risk to open it.
I'm going to take the risk click like yes let's see how it goes.
Perfect.
Nothing.
Not too much trouble.
And so here are the lines.
All right.
So they are separated by the rows that things split.
Slash and.
And.
Well it's like what we saw in the original data set before it was imported here.
You know we have each row corresponding to one line.
Now a conversation with one line said by a character for example here Cameron which is user number two
in a specific movie.
Movie zero and the line is she OK.
An important thing to understand this line has a key identifier which is El 984.
That's a unique key identifier.
We even got the time here which is a string of course.
All right.
Perfect so I'm going to close this by just pressing OK.
And now we're going to open the conversations we might get another warning or just some time to wait.
All right conversations.
Perfect.
So let's have a look.
Just to make sure you got this right.
So each row corresponds to one conversation and a specific movie movie Zero here between two characters
use a zero and use or two here.
And as you can see it doesn't display the conversation in text but it gives the composition by just
giving the key identifiers of the line.
So for example this conversation here is composed of four lines of conversation of four sentences exchanged
between two characters.
The first one is El 194.
Then the second one which is the reply by user to to user 0 I suppose is El 195 then uses 0 replies
El 186.
And eventually user 2 replies l 1 One is that right.
And these are all the conversations we have in the whole corpus Cornell movie corporate dialogue days.
Perfect.
So we got our data set and now we are ready to move on to the next step which is to make a dictionary
that will map each lines ID with its text.
We already have a mapping between the key and interfaces and the lines.
But we want to make a python dictionary because we will use it afterward to get our data ready for the
future neural network that we're going to build.
So let's do this in the next tutorial and until then enjoy has been LP.